hello everyone I am sapphire and today I
will show you how to properly download
and install custom content for the sims
2 now most things you download will come
in a VARs of format so you need a WinRAR
to extract the files
yeah this is one are just doubled
install that I'll put the link for this
on in the description
so
now this is a very good site this is
Matheson's got info and you do have to
make me count for this website but it's
all free and when you are downloading
something especially clothing and stuff
like that look for something that I
talked about the mesh the mesh is
something you need in order to get
things to show up in the game so here it
says the mesh is included so you don't
have to worry about that alright then
you can go ahead and download
all right
and now we're going to use WinRAR
right-click on the file and click
extract here
and then you can just delete the rar
file you don't need that anymore
and then you're going to put these files
in your downloads folder
which is a nom
my documents EA games sims to download
you can just paint them there I already
have it so
the faces there
now certain things like objects it will
say you need um a CEP to get them to
show up in your game that is short for a
color enabler package so I will put the
lid for this in the description too you
just need to UM download and install
this
and that's all you have to do with that
it will let things like by catalog
objects show up in your game and now if
you have something like a sim or a house
it will come up as a sims to install
package or actually just um it will come
up and the default program that
installed it as pata chopped but that
doesn't work too well so you will need
the sims 2 pack clean installer which
you can also get from a link in the
description and
this will allow you to install things
like Simpson houses better
you know so laughter extracts the files
let's see it comes up as a Sims to pack
the STOVL package
okay let you choose which one install
with you don't
and it will come up sometimes this
little message that um if you already
have some of the items you want to
override them or not I just wanna say
yes to all
okay
and that is how you download install
things for the sims 2 I hope this was
helpful to someone and if you don't mind
I'll also be uploading this to my
website if you want to check it out
okay thanks for watching